Modify S4423: Learn-As-You-Code Migration (#2097)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4423/csharp/how-to-fix-it/dotnet.adoc

> == How to fix it in .Net

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== How to fix it in .NET
```

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

> These samples use a default TLS algorithm, which is a weak cryptographical
> algorithm: TLSv1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These samples use TLSv1.0 as the default TLS algorithm, which is cryptographically weak.
```
